so what I've got here is a balloon
filled with hot water that's almost
exactly that temperature I'm going to
move it in closer the Viper and
hopefully I'll get it to strike towards
the balloon here we've got our mini cam
set up and ready to record at high speed
that means that we should see the strike
slowed right down and be able to really
appreciate quite how awesome it is let's
give it a go
let's see what happens that was amazing
would you reckon neck you got it let's
see let's see
incredible absolutely incredible saw
that the mouth open almost said that it
was fully wide like that almost creating
a stabbing kind of shape rather than
that a downward strike and the fangs are
almost used like daggers to pierce into
the balloon that was amazing
can have another gaze all right
no no the guy I can do this all day long
I can't see how any snake in the world
is gonna beat this